## Attendees
David Brossard , Allan Foster, Mike L, Phil Hunt, Steve Venema, Alex B., Gail Hodges, Dani Katzman, Lenah Chacha, Mark Haine, Omri Gazitt, Roland Baum, Atul T., Sean O’Dell
## Agenda
- update on the github set up
- Comments on the call we had with CISA today - Atul & Gail
- List of docs/sources of terminology to the call tomorrow - Eve
- Updates on discussions with EIC and Identiverse planners? - Allan
- Collecting the existing PEP/PDP standards and interfaces. For instance XACML JSON, Rego, Cedar
## Notes
- CISA Update
  - Feedback from Grant Dasher/ CISA yesterday: Key Challenge: Ambiguous MFA terminology 
  - Recommendations: Create standard MFA terminology that provides clear, interoperable, and standardized definitions and policies allowing organizations to make value comparisons and to integrate these solutions into their environment. 
  - Map products to NIST requirements such as those articulated in NIST SP 800- 63 Digital Identity Guidelines. 
  - FIDO/ OIDF Alignment on (ideally existing) terms used in AuthZEN WG from 800-63, W3C) 
  - Consider alignment from AuthZEN WG to 800-63 -4 where appropriate for US implementers
- Github update
  - Atul transitioned his repository to the OIDF repository.
  - https://github.com/openid/authzen/
  - Mike L. invited co-chairs to be admins of the github repository
  - Github issues will be forwarded to the mailing list (Mike L.)
  - Licensing set up correctly
  - Need to add CONTRIBUTING.md to GitHub e.g. https://github.com/openid/OpenID4VP/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md
- Eve’s update
  - Looked at sources e.g. IDPro, IETF
  - Eve included terms from the OAuth realm that do not follow the P*P terminology.
  - We should include terminology from the graph world
  - File shared (xlsx on the mailing list)
- Slack
  - Atul created a Slack channel 
  - [Channel link](https://app.slack.com/client/TBB85A45B/C0630873JGK)
  - Mike: I’ll get current mail list subscribers invited to the Slack channel this week.
- Documentation
  - Atul: in the Shared Signals WG, we’ve also used hackmd.io for collaborative markdown documents
- Conference engagement
  - EIC update: Allan reached out to Joerg Resch. We will need to send a list of panelists by the beginning of the year.
    - We have a reserved spot
  - Identiverse: waiting to hear back from Andi
- Existing PEP/PDP standards and interfaces
  - Let’s start from the work Atul & others did in the github AuthZAPI repository
  - Let’s provide feedback through issues on the github repo
  - Let’s use the same model as Shared Signals
- Ask from Sean O’Dell, Disney
  - Request to become an additional co-chair
- Useful links
  - https://pure.royalholloway.ac.uk/en/publications/completeness-in-languages-for-attribute-based-access-control
  - https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S1383762122001539
- Keeping meeting notes
  - Shared Signals uses hackmd.io → should we use the same?
  - License limitations?
## Action items
- Co-chairs to send their github usernames to Mike
- Mike to invite ML members to the Slack channel
- All to file issues in github for PEP/PDP work
- Eve to take the lead on terminology and reconvene in December
- Alex to publish the design patterns document as markdown in the github repository


